This is a very important moment for you
and for the country. Billionaireowned
media will try to portray this taxing of
the middle class of richer people as a
battle between the middle class and the
poor. They do not want you to realize
that the reason the middle class are
being taxed is because the government is
aggressively, stubbornly and stupidly
unwilling to tax the rich. The poor and
the working class are being bankrupted.
The welfare state is being shut down. In
the absence of taxation of the rich, the
middle class will inevitably be eaten
next. If you do not get systems in place
such that you can tax the very rich
whilst their wealth is aggressively
growing, every single group of society
including the middle class will be
destroyed. If the middle class do not
form an alliance with the poor, they
will be eaten by the rich simply
basically by the virtue of maths and
compound